Review of user manual (only typos and syntax) (#1255)
seL4/seL4: manual/parts/ipc.tex

    \item The destination slot cannot be looked up. Unlike the send
    system call, the \apifunc{seL4\_Recv}{sel4_recv} system call does not check that the

>     destination slot exists and is empty before it initiates the receive.

Reviewer: Should this actually be left as ```receive```? I'm not sure ```reception``` is the correct technical term, but I'm not an expert :-)

>     destination slot exists and is empty before it initiates the delivery.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    destination slot exists and is empty before it initiates the receive operation.
```
